I feel like the Gateway and ours as well
the help with stasis a lotta units being
produced up but I really feel like yeah
the macro of racquetball I think he's
just got more gateways down right now
and he's just maybe a little bit higher
a p.m. but no I take it back Joe
actually has the higher unit count so
really the difference in here has been
the level three weapons level one armor
it's been all upgrades at this stage and
I just I'm not sure where jaws forces
are really is the tag forces it just
seems like he's going up against much
larger units even though supply count is
really saying differently it's right now
it's at 185 versus 178 but it's just
been skeleton crew of zealots looks like
they've mostly been sitting in front of
the base but now that arbiter is out to
assist alongside this arbiter could
really be a game shifter looks like too
many units to really salvage the twelve
o'clock you can go and squash that
attack force we'll see if he goes in for
a counter-attack or it actually goes for
this reverse heck at the along the side
of the basement while he's cleaning up
the twelve o'clock simultaneously but
yeah this this twelve o'clock looks like
it's absolutely getting ravaged so at
least in the short term it looks like
that racket ball is going to take the
lead size storm going off those your
goons dancing a little bit but still
taking a significant amount of damage
zealots pressing up in proximity and I
don't think they have any detection
alongside to really help with this and
that that looks like that arbiter is
going to wow it's actually going to save
this expansion all the probes have been
taken out at this stage though and the G
goons looks like they're doing good job
of kind of splitting this force and do
more reinforcements streaming in from
behind so racquetball is not going to
let this go on doing good job keeping
those forces separated though this
observer right here is kind of the key
to this battle right here it looks like
i'm not sure if those observe responding
each other out but either way it doesn't
look like oh there goes the counter that
they're observator really spotted as
well and we'll see that arbiter being
kind of danced around alongside still
again and there's the stasis this it
this is an absolutely epic battle stay
sista try to hold this twelve o'clock
position it looks like it's up still
producing probes and critically these
upgrades looks like level three weapons
just coming online but it looks like
that armor is not going to come online
whereas oh click level two level three
weapons level two armor has already been
researched and actually see a level
three weapons level 0 armour that armor
upgrade is really paying
is absolutely devastating jaw right now
he does have the higher tech with the
arbiters and looks like he's lining up
to do a Reaver drop here and from the
bottom right corner maybe even a recall
with this arbiter we'll see if he's
actually got a researching at the
arbiter tribunal it doesn't look like it
but still trying to hold on to this
twelve o'clock location racquetballs
just continuing to funnel troops up and
kind of at the off position he's got a
little bit short of a reinforcement
route going straight up the map across
the line versus the kind of around the
corner thing that racket balls having to
pull and still observers getting picked
that was very nice maneuver I'm not sure
if I caught it on screen but the
observer was finally picked off so that
arbiter will definitely help alongside
some dark templar don't really need help
to be cloaked psystorm going off the
incoming zealots and wow absolutely epic
fight here to try to hold this but looks
like Sofia soon as these dark templar
taken care of i think racquetballs one
it looks like Reavers now being dropped
to that bottom right corner able to take
out some of the units right here and I'm
going to be able to kill a lot of probes
up in here so it looks like the economic
damage has been at least someone
equalized because the six o'clock
location no longer producing and we'll
see what's going to happen in still
getting assailed by these Dark Templar
Wow excellent fight really back and
forth but I still got this is a huge
attack force almost maxed out versus 156
and again I feel like that upgrades
level one shield kind of in the mix
right now versus level three weapons and
I don't see any additional upgrades
happening across the board and I think
that could be the huge difference in
this match the Reavers now lifting off
they weren't able to take everything out
but keep in mind this is still higher
production that's happening at that six
o'clock but it looks like he's going to
riga it looks like racquetball is going
to regather re hotkey up and this is
going to be the full eight control
grouping observer once again checking
out that two of the clock location to
see what's there and once again i feel
like the unit's completely out of
position i know the units are there but
they just kind of scattered about not
really in a defensible spot where you've
got this huge attack army here for
racquetball I don't see jaws on the
opposite end and there's nothing to
defend this twelve o'clock from the
counter-attack let's see if he loads up
and decides to bring those rivers
background to do a little bit more
damage so it looks like this twelve
o'clock location isn't going in fact be
taken out and probably be this upper
upper left-hand base as well and
again the forge remaining inactive so
that's really absolutely huge especially
that the moment that Forge was taken out
how that twelve o'clock position and
just also additionally the upgrades
looks like the Reavers coming back into
the six o'clock location to do some more
economic damage going to try to take
this nexus out entirely but I feel like
it's too little too late even if you
manage to take this off I don't feel
like ja has a large enough army to fight
racquetballs army off racquetball is
just continuing to a sale producing some
Dark Templar hoping the observers once
again not present the observer is trying
to actually locate where that observer
is observers with this man grouping so
that's not going to last very long at
this stage but now jaws back down to a
single base he's trying to establish
that bottom right-hand corner but once
again he doesn't have units he has no
units he's at 121 supply at this stage
versus 172 and he does not have the
upgrades will see actually if I'm not
sure yeah the forges are continuing he's
going with full upgrades looks like one
Weaver's finally been picked off these
Reivers have been able to take out this
nexus at the six o'clock location but it
almost feels like too little too late
and again looks like they're just
continue to sell more more shuttles
pushing up with more Weaver's are going
to try to looks like he's going to try
to bust racquetball inside out and it
might be successful in doing so he's got
to stop yeah at least he was able to
stop those additional wow this poor
Weaver is getting stranded better by the
zealots Wow saved by two scarabs there
at least able to stop additional
upgrades going back by unpowered those
additional forges getting a little bit
of size storm across there though and
maybe he can if he can take out enough
pylons and then figure out a way to stop
this this brunt force of racket balls
that's just very highly upgraded at this
stage maybe he can hold on to this match
but looks like actually they're starting
to head towards that bottom right corner
keep in mind you can still pull off on
base now he's yeah he's going to go to
that upper right hand looks like he's
kind of exploring out just to kind of
see what's going on making sure that
they're on any additional expansions but
I think he's going to regather at that
stage and just kind of finish things off
I just kind of brutalize at that stage I
think that it looks like there's one
Weaver one Weaver left alive looks like
an observer kind of up along this side
but and starting to push in actually a
nice little sigh storm with a little bit
of a skeleton crew didn't brunt down
with his entire attack force that might
be a mistake there's no observer
alongside to detect these club units now
as well
and I'm not seeing the observer long in
general but this is still absolutely
epic bottom right-hand base getting
assailed a little bit but racquetball
looks like another attack going down
right there but i think that rever
wasn't fat killed so missed that a
little bit but a racquetball continuing
to a push forward somehow managed to
sneak units under it looks like he
sneaked units underneath the short leg
getting a little bit of size storm on
his own troops there but racquetball all
he has to do is is regather and then
attack jaw jaws significantly behind in
supply count as you can see just 174 vs.
153 I think John knows it he's trying to
get some production going in that bottom
right corner I'm not sure if he can
basically if you can do this under
racquetballs knows though racquetball
just has to regather an attack is a full
brunt group and those upgrades will
carry them all the way to victory looks
like right now as you can see supply
desperately desperately desperately jobs
trying to spend all the resources he has
but just can't keep up and now the
attacking it's turning to porn sighs
storm on those escaping archons the
archons getting sighs stormed all over
and their jobs going to GG knowing that
that was basically all he had left as
far as defense force so racquetball
pulling out the victory very
impressively Wow a very epic match hope
you guys enjoyed that once again if you
go to SC two GG com backslash endurance
you can donate their thank you to both
participants epic match going on to Game
two